Include multi conf and change address for TB6612FNG (#3267)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/grove_tb6612fng.rst

.. code-block:: yaml

    #Enable I2C with scan to find address
    i2c: 
      sda: 4
      scl: 5
      scan: True

    # Example configuration grove motor
    grove_tb6612fng:
      id: test_motor
      address: 0x14
    
    # Example of multi config
    grove_tb6612fng:
      - address: 0x14
        id: test_motor

      - address: 0x15
        id: test_motor2

> 

Reviewer: This whole example config should be smaller and only include the minimum required for getting the motor working. The rest is up to the user to read the documentation and write their config for their situation.

        - grove_tb6612fng.no_standby
            id: test_motor

.. grove_tb6612fng.change_address:

``grove_tb6612fng.change_address`` Action
-----------------------------------------

> Set the board can change address in case you want to connect multiple once, the addresses avialable are: 0x01 ~ 0x7f 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require connecting multiple boards at once, the address can be changed using this action. The address can be changed to a value in the range of ``0x01 - 0x7f`` inclusive.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    on_...:
      then:

>         - grove_tb6612fng.change_address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - grove_tb6612fng.change_address:
```
